Update identityconnecto docs (#280)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.customer-group-sync.md

---

meshStack supports importing users and groups into meshStack from a source that supports the LDAP protocol, for example, Microsoft Active Directory. The [`Simple Paged Results Control`](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2696.txt) is used to do a paginated LDAP query to fetch the users and groups. Because of this, it is required that the LDAP server supports the `Simple Paged Results Control`. Other than importing users and groups, meshStack also has the capability to assign a [customer role](./meshcloud.customer.md#assign-meshcustomer-roles) or [partner role](./administration.index.md) to the imported group. The entities read via LDAP are imported to meshStack via the [meshObject import API](./meshstack.api.md#meshobject-api). At the moment, we only support the import of three kinds of meshObjects: meshUser, meshGroup and meshCustomerGroupBinding. The other meshObjects, such as meshProjectUserBindings can be created via the panel.

## Configuration Reference

This section describes how to configure the LDAP group synchronization in meshStack.

The synchronization process is done in three parts.

* Collect
* Transform
* Transport

### Collect

> In the Collect step, we connect to the LDAP server and fetch the LDAP entities. In order to do that,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the "Collect" step, we connect to the LDAP server and fetch the LDAP entities. In order to do that,
```
```suggestion
In the Collect step, we connect to the LDAP server and fetch the LDAP entities. In order to do that,
```

the configuration needs to contain the information required to establish a connection with the LDAP server.
The configuration model is as follows.

<!--snippet:mesh.identityconnector.ldap.SourceConfiguration#type-->

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--Dhall Type-->
```dhall
let SourceConfiguration =
    {-
      url:

>           The LDAP connection URL, including the ldap protocol

Reviewer: why did you get rid of the examples?

Author: The example is moved to it's own dhall example section below.

      user:
          LdapFilter which will contain the information needed to search the LDAP source for users.
    -}

      { pageSize : Natural, group : LdapFilter, user : LdapFilter }
```
<!--Example-->
```dhall
let example
    : CollectorConfiguration
    = { pageSize = 100
      , group =
        { attributes = "cn, uniqueMember, description"
        , base = "ou=groups"
        , filter = "'(cn=*)'"
        }
      , user =
        { attributes = "entryDN, uid, sn, givenName, mail"
        , base = "ou=people"
        , filter = "'(uid=*)'"
        }
      }
```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

### Transform

In the Transform step, the collected data is transformed into meshObjects.

An `AttributeTransformation` will specify an LDAP attribute and how to transform it before assigning to a meshObject field.

<!--snippet:mesh.identityconnector.ldap.attributeTransformation#type-->

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--Dhall Type-->
```dhall
let AttributeTransformation =
    {-
      An AttributeTransformation is used to define an attribute of an LDAP entry and how to transform it so that it

>       can be assigned to a field in a meshObject. There are two types of AttributeTransformations, Static and Regex.

Reviewer: can you provide an example like group name?

Author: A complete example are given in the dhall example sections below.

Reviewer 2: @pubudug I'm for keeping examples in the code tabs for individual types (there's a Type + Example tab)

It's great if you give a full end to end example for identity connector configuration, however to me that's more of a "how to" than a reference documentation

Author: Yeah. This PR is organized so that the examples show in it's own tab.

    -}
      { attribute : Text, postProcessor : Optional PostProcessor }
```
<!--Example-->
```dhall
let example =
      { attribute = "cn", postProcessor = Some PostProcessor.LOWERCASE }
```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

#### RegexAttributeTransformation

<!--snippet:mesh.identityconnector.ldap.regexAttributeTransformation#type-->

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--Dhall Type-->
```dhall
let RegexAttributeTransformation =
    {-
     A RegexAttributeTransformation takes an attribute and matches the attribute against a list of regular expressions
     until a match is found. If a match is found and the rule defines a value, the value will be used. If a value is not
     set, the first matching group in the regular expression is used and the optional template is applied. If no
     regular expressions match, the otherwise value will be assigned to the meshObject field.

      rules:
          A list of regex rules that the LDAP attributes will be tested against for a match.
          The matching is performed sequentially until a match is found.
          A single rule has the following structure
          value:

>               This is an optional parameter. If it is defined, if the LDAP attribute matches the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              This is an optional parameter. It is defined, if the LDAP attribute matches the
```
```suggestion
              This is an optional parameter. If it is defined, if the LDAP attribute matches the
```

Author: Changed the wording to `If it is defined and if  the LDAP ....`

              regular expression, this value will be assigned as the value of the meshObject field.
          regex:

>               The regular expression against which the LDAP attribute should be matched. If the value parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              The regular expression against which the LDAP attribute is compared?. If the value parameter
```
```suggestion
              The regular expression against which the LDAP attribute should be matched. If the value parameter
```

Author: When it comes to regular expressions, `match` is the word that is usually used.
